
============
    Bugs
============

01 - FIXED - Carrier disappears when battleship added and rotation invalid

    1. Tap to place the carrier on a spot that is vertically valid but not horizontally valid (i.e. on the right)
    2. Tap OK on the Splash! alert.
    3. Tap Rotate.
    4. Tap OK on the invalid spot alert.
    5. Tap Confirm.
    6. Tap to place the battleship.

Expected result: The battleship appears and the carrier remains in its spot.
Actual result: The battleship appears but the carrier disappears.


02 - FIXED - Carrier disappears after invalid move

    1. Tap to place the carrier on a valid spot.
    2. Tap OK on the Splash! alert.
    3. Try to move the carrier to a spot that is vertically and horizontally invalid (i.e. on the bottom right)
    4. Tap OK on the invalid spot alert.
    5. Tap Confirm to accept the original spot for the carrier.
    6. Tap OK on the On to Victory! alert.
    7. Tap a valid spot for the battleship.

Expected result: The battleship appears and the carrier remains in its spot.
Actual result: The battleship appears but the carrier disappears.


03 - FIXED - Confirm can be clicked before ship is placed

    1. Start a new game.
    2. Enter both player names and tap Next.
    3. Tap OK on the Deploy! alert.
    4. Without placing your carrier, tap Confirm.

Expected result: You are prompted to tap a spot for the carrier.
Actual result: The game moves on as if you had placed your carrier.


04 - FIXED - The game begins alert appears after the second player only places four ships

    1. Place and confirm all 5 of player1's ships.
    2. Place and confirm 3 of player2's ships
    3. Place player2's 4th ship.
    4. Tap Confirm.

Expected result: Player2's 4th ship is confirmed and the game waits for player2 to place her 5th ship
Actual result: The 'Battle Begins' alert appears and the grid is cleared. Tapping again causes player2's grid to be drawn correctly.


05 - FIXED - Empty game temporarily appears in list

    1. Launch the app and tap 'New Game'.
    2. Leave both player name fields empty and tap 'Back'.

Expected result: There is not a new game in the list.
Actual result: A new game appears in the list and says: "'s turn to place ships"


06 - FIXED - Saved game does not detect winner

    1. Start a game and play it like normal until one player has a single shot left to win.
    2. Close the app.
    3. Launch the app and go back into the game.
    4. Make the winning shot.

Expected result: The player is notified that he or she won.
Actual result: The game continues as if there is no winner.


07 - FIXED - New game shows no player name (on game list) after going back twice

    1. Create a new game with a first player named 'Rob'.
    2. Enter both player names and tap 'Next'.
    3. Tap 'Back' twice.

Expected result: The row for the game says "Rob's turn to place ships"
Actual result: The row for the game says "'s turn to place ships"



















